Story 1:
Student becomes California's youngest millionaire after selling aroma of Pippin as perfume

Mimi Lyang, a fourth year student at UC Irvine majoring in biochemistry, has recently unlocked the chemical formula of a solution that mimics the smell of Pippin dining commons. This revolutionary breakthrough will allow for students and alumni alike to revisit the comforting aroma while bringing back warm memories of freshmen year fine dining. In an attempt to explain the importance of this particular aroma, Lyang states that “the smell of Pippin was always so comforting. Just like the smell of freshly baked cookies brings back childhood memories for some, the smell of Pippin brought back the happy moments of freshman year.” Through extensive and exhaustive research, Lyang was able to recreate the same fragrance. “The hardest part was to get the perfect balance of the pasta line smell and the main line smell” states Lyang as she explains some of her research and experimentation. Using a specialized (…), Lyang was able to create a stable solution of the chemical compound that could applied as perfume. Waves of students are lining up at the The Hill everyday to buy this unique and revolutionary perfume. The huge success of this product has attracted the interest of many venture capitalist firms and perfume brands from the Orange County area. Lyang states that with the new influx of capital, she will continue to research chemical formulas for other (adjective for brings back memories-distinguishing/???) smells of campus. Lyang plans to release her next flavor of perfume, one that resembles the smell of the trees, at the end of March. 

Story 2:
UCI revealed as new bootcamp location for TV show, The Biggest Loser

Each year, The Biggest Loser chooses 16 overweight contestants to compete for a cash prize by participating in a series of challenging exercises. As a surprise to all the viewers, the managers of the show have decided to choose the campus of UC Irvine as the next location for this competition. In an interview with Dave Broome, the creator of this show, we discovered that the long walks across campus are what caught Broome's attention. "When I came here to visit, I noticed that all the students had humongous calf muscles. The long walks to class will be perfect exercise for the overweight contestants" said Broome. In addition to exercise, Broome plans to use the never-ending $2 boba booths to tempt the contestants and ultimately strengthen their mental discipline. In an exclusive interview with Dr. Robert Huizenga, the health scientist of the show, he reveals that the first physical challenge the contestants will face is a simulation of a Mesa Court student late to his 8 a.m. class at the Physical Science Lecture Hall. 

The first episode will air on Monday at 9 p.m. EST on NBC. 

Story 3:
Students rally in front of Ayala Science Library for first football game of the season.

Students are lining up for what some say is the biggest event of the entire school year, the annual Anteater football kickoff game. Each year, undefeated Anteaters look to keep their zero loss record and make the students of UC Irvine proud to shout "Zot Zot Zot". This game marks the beginning of the regular season and attracts the attention of fans from all around Orange County. "The game is so hyped that people will often campout two or three nights before just to get good seats," said Charles Chu, senior at UC Irvine. However, not all students share the same loyalty and love for college football. "I think the school should have spent the money on educating people rather than on sports. We could've used the money building the stadium to buy new equipment for labs or maybe even build a new science library," shares junior Amy Cai, as she and a group of protesters demonstrated outside the entrance of the stadium. The Anteaters will face off against last year’s winner of the Rose Bowl, Syracuse University, in what’s predicted to be the closest matchup of the entire season. 

Kickoff will start tonight at 6 p.m. at the Ayala Football Stadium. You can also tune in online at www.ucifootballundefeated.com.

Story 4:
Middle Earth Housing introduces New Quintuple Dorm Room

The Middle Earth Housing Office has just announced plans to upgrade all dorm rooms to the new and improved quintuple style for the upcoming school year. The reason for this change is to accommodate for the high volume of incoming freshmen. As seen in the picture above, the new quintuple dorm room will feature a single bed frame with five bunks, maximizing the efficiency of space usage while creating a comfortable environment to sleep and study. During an interview with Benjamin Hung, a first year at UC Irvine, Hung voiced some concerns he had for this new design. “I am worried that the single five slot bunk bed will make the room too empty,” says Hung as he tries to explain the dysfunctional feng shui of the room. Other students have a more positive opinion about these changes, saying that the bunk bed style will remind students of home. The director of housing and construction is currently partnering with MSPaint Inc. in order to finalize the sketches of these new rooms.
  
